README.md, before:

# ArduinoFake

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/FabioBatSilva/ArduinoFake.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/FabioBatSilva/ArduinoFake)

`ArduinoFake` is a simple mocking framework for Arduino.
`ArduinoFake` is based on [FakeIt](https://github.com/eranpeer/FakeIt) and can be used for testing your arduino project natively. No arduino required !
#

## Quickstart

### Includes

You should include the following header in your test file:

```c++
#include <ArduinoFake.h>
```

### Stubbing

Assuming we have the following arduino code:
```c++
// src/main.cpp
void loop()
{
    // turn the LED on (HIGH is the voltage level)
    digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, HIGH);
    // wait for a second
    delay(100);
    // turn the LED off by making the voltage LOW
    digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, LOW);
     // wait for a second
    delay(100);
}
```

It can be tested using `ArduinoFake`:
```c++
#include <ArduinoFake.h>

using namespace fakeit;

// test/test_main.cpp
void test_loop(void)
{
    When(Method(ArduinoFake(), digitalWrite)).AlwaysReturn();
    When(Method(ArduinoFake(), delay)).AlwaysReturn();

    loop();

    Verify(Method(ArduinoFake(), digitalWrite).Using(LED_BUILTIN, HIGH)).Once();
    Verify(Method(ArduinoFake(), digitalWrite).Using(LED_BUILTIN, LOW)).Once();
    Verify(Method(ArduinoFake(), delay).Using(100)).Exactly(2_Times);
}
```

Checkout the [examples](./examples) for many more examples!
Or take a look at the [tests](./test)

## Troubleshooting

If you get a segfault while running your unit tests, eg:

```
Program errored with 3221225477 code
```

Check to make sure you have stubbed **all** the Arduino methods you are calling.

# Contributing
If you want to extend `ArduinoFake` library to add missing functions (for example  `attachInterrupt`) see [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

update README with build instructions

README.md, after:

# ArduinoFake with cpputest

Forked in order to try to get a clean build using or ArduinoFake using cpputest to hopefully resolve the following:

 - https://github.com/FabioBatSilva/ArduinoFake/issues/56
 - https://github.com/cpputest/cpputest/issues/1768

to run: `make`

Issues:
 - While the original is built using `pio test`, This fails
 - I didn't translate any of the setup or assertions from unity to cpputest

# ArduinoFake

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/FabioBatSilva/ArduinoFake.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/FabioBatSilva/ArduinoFake)

`ArduinoFake` is a simple mocking framework for Arduino.
`ArduinoFake` is based on [FakeIt](https://github.com/eranpeer/FakeIt) and can be used for testing your arduino project natively. No arduino required !
#

## Quickstart

### Includes

You should include the following header in your test file:

```c++
#include <ArduinoFake.h>
```

### Stubbing

Assuming we have the following arduino code:
```c++
// src/main.cpp
void loop()
{
    // turn the LED on (HIGH is the voltage level)
    digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, HIGH);
    // wait for a second
    delay(100);
    // turn the LED off by making the voltage LOW
    digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, LOW);
     // wait for a second
    delay(100);
}
```

It can be tested using `ArduinoFake`:
```c++
#include <ArduinoFake.h>

using namespace fakeit;

// test/test_main.cpp
void test_loop(void)
{
    When(Method(ArduinoFake(), digitalWrite)).AlwaysReturn();
    When(Method(ArduinoFake(), delay)).AlwaysReturn();

    loop();

    Verify(Method(ArduinoFake(), digitalWrite).Using(LED_BUILTIN, HIGH)).Once();
    Verify(Method(ArduinoFake(), digitalWrite).Using(LED_BUILTIN, LOW)).Once();
    Verify(Method(ArduinoFake(), delay).Using(100)).Exactly(2_Times);
}
```

Checkout the [examples](./examples) for many more examples!
Or take a look at the [tests](./test)

## Troubleshooting

If you get a segfault while running your unit tests, eg:

```
Program errored with 3221225477 code
```

Check to make sure you have stubbed **all** the Arduino methods you are calling.

# Contributing
If you want to extend `ArduinoFake` library to add missing functions (for example  `attachInterrupt`) see [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).
